Edit and update of FAQ+new database GUI guide (#5958)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/FAQ/Performance-FAQ.md

- Lower the job concurrency for these jobs to 1.
- Under Settings > Transcoding Settings > Threads, set the number of threads to a low number like 1 or 2.
- Under Settings > Machine Learning Settings > Facial Recognition > Model Name, you can change the facial recognition model to `buffalo_s` instead of `buffalo_l`. The former is a smaller and faster model, albeit not as good.
  - You _must_ re-run the Recognize Faces job for all images after this for facial recognition on new images to work properly.
- If these changes are not enough, see [below](/docs/FAQ/Machine-Learning-FAQ#how-can-i-disable-machine-learning) for how you can disable machine learning.

### How can I change the amount of CPU and RAM that Immich uses?

By default, a container has no resource constraints and can use as much of a given resource as the host's kernel scheduler allows.
You can look at the [original docker docs](https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/resource_constraints/) or use this [guide](https://www.baeldung.com/ops/docker-memory-limit) to learn how to do this.

> ### Can I boost machine learning speed?
> 
> Yes, you can by increasing the job concurrency. With higher concurrency, the host will work on more assets in parallel.
> You can do it by:
> 1. Admin user login
> 2. Administration
> 3. jobs
> 4. On the left side Manage Concurrency
> 5. Change the settings as needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I boost machine learning speed?
:::note
This advice increases throughput, not latency. This is to say that it will make Smart Search jobs process more quickly, but it won't make searching faster.
:::

You can increase throughput by increasing the job concurrency for machine learning jobs (Smart Search, Recognize Faces). With higher concurrency, the host will work on more assets in parallel. You can do this by navigating to Administration > Settings > Job Settings and increasing concurrency as needed.
```

  - You _must_ re-run the Recognize Faces job for all images after this for facial recognition on new images to work properly.
- If these changes are not enough, see [below](/docs/FAQ/Machine-Learning-FAQ#how-can-i-disable-machine-learning) for how you can disable machine learning.

### How can I change the amount of CPU and RAM that Immich uses?
By default, a container has no resource constraints and can use as much of a given resource as the host's kernel scheduler allows.
You can look at the [original docker docs](https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/resource_constraints/) or use this [guide](https://www.baeldung.com/ops/docker-memory-limit) to learn how to do this.

### Can I boost machine learning speed?
Yes, you can do it by increasing the amount of job concurrency, as the amount increases, the computer will work on several assets at the same time.
You can do it by
1. Admin user login
2. Administration
3. jobs
4. On the left side Manage Concurrency
5. Change the settings as needed

:::danger

> On a normal machine, 2 or 3 concurrent jobs can probably max the CPU, so if you're not hitting those maximums with, say, 30 jobs,

Author: LOL, this was Zack's answer in [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/979116623879368755/994044917355663450/1174713816072863827), I edited and put a period after the 30.

Also, it is important to know that the Storage should have INPUT & OUTPUT at high speed in order to handle all of this

For reference I never went above 32/job while testing with an RTX 4090 GPU

> Or for example if machine learning is enabled by a CPU such as I7 8700 a bit higher than default here would be like 16/job.

Reviewer: Remove these.

> Do not exaggerate with the amount of jobs because you're probably thoroughly overloading the database.

Reviewer: Change "overloading the database" to "overloading the CPU".

Author: In fact, I intentionally wrote overloading the database because it was information I received in [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/979116623879368755/994044917355663450/1174713157034451015) when I increased the amount to a value that was too high
Is this no longer a relevant problem in the context of the database?

Reviewer 2: I guess you can easily end up with I/O bottlenecks, yes. If you have a slow drive this may become an issue. So yes, the database may also be "overloaded" but the cause of that is a slow drive.

Reviewer: The root cause of the issue is ultimately the CPU. Postgres can easily handle thousands of requests, but choking the CPU will also choke the database.

Reviewer 3: > The root cause of the issue is ultimately the CPU

I don't think this is necessarily true. Immich does a LOT of I/O, and starving the disk can easily grind a database to a halt as well.

Reviewer: Fair enough, in some cases it might be an IO issue. Maybe just say "overloading the server".

more info [here](https://discord.com/channels/979116623879368755/994044917355663450/1174711719994605708)
:::

> ### When you run machine learning my processor is 100% usge is it noraml?

Reviewer: The "how can I reduce CPU usage" section already goes into this, so I don't think this question is necessary.

Author: The question here is a little different because it answers whether it is something normal for Immich to do.
A lot of people complain that their processor reaches 100% while running machine learning and they want to know if this is a normal situation, and not necessarily to lower the amount of cores that Immich has

Reviewer: That's fair. Maybe it'd be better to split the lowering CPU question into "Why is Immich using so much of my CPU?" and move the explanation there. I think this is the question people would have, not so much why machine learning is using so much, but why the CPU is at 100%.
